## Key attribute
React uses the key attributes of objects in an array to determine how to update the view generated by a component when the component is re-rendered. That is why we put `key={note.id}` so that the error in the console disappears.

## Anti-pattern: Array Indexes as Keys
We could have made the error message on our console disappear by using the array indexes as keys. The indexes can be retrieved by passing a second parameter to the callback function of the `map` method:

```js
notes.map((note, i) => ...)
```

When called like this, i is assigned the value of the index of the position in the array where the note resides.

```js
<ul>
  {notes.map((note, i) => 
    <li key={i}>
      {note.content}
    </li>
  )}
</ul>
```
This is; however, not recommended and can create undesired problems even if it seems to be working just fine.

## Forms

```js
const App = (props) => {
const [notes, setNotes] = useState(props.notes)
```
The component uses the `useState` function to initialize the piece of state stored in `notes` with the array of notes passed in the props:

We have added the `addNote` function as an event handler to the form element that will be called when the form is submitted, by clicking the submit button.

The `event` parameter is the event that triggers the call to the event handler function:

The event handler immediately calls the `event.preventDefault()` method, which prevents the default action of submitting a form. The default action would, among other things, cause the page to reload.
```js
const addNote = (event) => {
  event.preventDefault()
  onsole.log('button clicked', event.target)
}
```
In order to enable editing of the input element, we have to register an event handler that synchronizes the changes made to the input with the component's state:

```js
  const handleNoteChange = (event) => {
  console.log(event.target.value)
  setNewNote(event.target.value)
 }
```
We have now registered an event handler to the onChange attribute of the form's input element:

```js
<input
  value={newNote}
  onChange={handleNoteChange}
/>
```

The `target` property of the event object now corresponds to the controlled input element and `event.target.value` refers to the input value of that element.


